Yesterday afternoon an official statement was released
from Buckingham Palace
confirming that King Charles III
has cancer it must be made very clear that
this information is official from the
British Royal Palace and is not a hoax and I say this
because in recent days you know there have
been many inventions many
hoaxes but by not specifying what kind of cancer it is
what type of tumor it is, it is going to give rise
to a lot of speculation and I think that in
the last few hours there will be
a lot of fake news and it will be
a bit like Kate Middleton Charles of
England fell ill with cancer just 2
years after being proclaimed king
Camilla substitute queen for her husband at the
moment life is never as you
expected Well here Pilare Eir
is putting on the table
obviously a death a
possible death